then God remembered no and every living
then God remembered no and every living thing and all the animals that were with
thing and all the animals that were with
thing and all the animals that were with him in the ark and God made a wind to
him in the ark and God made a wind to
him in the ark and God made a wind to pass through the earth and the water is
pass through the earth and the water is
pass through the earth and the water is Society the Fountains of the deep and
Society the Fountains of the deep and
Society the Fountains of the deep and the windows of heaven were also stopped
the windows of heaven were also stopped
the windows of heaven were also stopped and the rain from heaven was restrained
and the rain from heaven was restrained
and the rain from heaven was restrained and the waters receded continually from
and the waters receded continually from
and the waters receded continually from the earth at the end of the hundred and
the earth at the end of the hundred and
the earth at the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters decreased then the
fifty days the waters decreased then the
fifty days the waters decreased then the ark rested in the seventh month the
ark rested in the seventh month the
ark rested in the seventh month the seventeenth day on the mountains of
seventeenth day on the mountains of
seventeenth day on the mountains of Ararat
and the waters decreased continually
and the waters decreased continually until the tenth month in the tenth month
until the tenth month in the tenth month
until the tenth month in the tenth month on the first day of the month the tops
on the first day of the month the tops
on the first day of the month the tops of the mountains were seen so it came to
of the mountains were seen so it came to
of the mountains were seen so it came to pass at the end of 40 days that Noah
pass at the end of 40 days that Noah
pass at the end of 40 days that Noah opened the window of the ark which he
opened the window of the ark which he
opened the window of the ark which he had made then he sent out a raven which
had made then he sent out a raven which
had made then he sent out a raven which kept going to and fro until the waters
kept going to and fro until the waters
kept going to and fro until the waters had dried up from the earth he also sent
had dried up from the earth he also sent
had dried up from the earth he also sent out from himself a does to see if the
out from himself a does to see if the
out from himself a does to see if the waters had receded from the face of the
waters had receded from the face of the
waters had receded from the face of the ground but the dad found no resting
ground but the dad found no resting
ground but the dad found no resting place for the sole of her foot and she
place for the sole of her foot and she
place for the sole of her foot and she returned into the ark to him for the
returned into the ark to him for the
returned into the ark to him for the waters were on the face of the whole
waters were on the face of the whole
waters were on the face of the whole earth so he put out his hand and took
earth so he put out his hand and took
earth so he put out his hand and took her and drew her into the ark to himself
her and drew her into the ark to himself
her and drew her into the ark to himself and he waited yet another seven days and
and he waited yet another seven days and
and he waited yet another seven days and again he sent the Dove out from the ark
again he sent the Dove out from the ark
again he sent the Dove out from the ark then the Dove came to him in the evening
then the Dove came to him in the evening
then the Dove came to him in the evening and behold a freshly plucked olive leaf
and behold a freshly plucked olive leaf
and behold a freshly plucked olive leaf was in her mouth and Noah knew that the
was in her mouth and Noah knew that the
was in her mouth and Noah knew that the waters had receded from the earth so he
waters had receded from the earth so he
waters had receded from the earth so he waited yet another seven days and sent
waited yet another seven days and sent
waited yet another seven days and sent out the dawn which did not return again
out the dawn which did not return again
out the dawn which did not return again to him anymore and it came to pass and
to him anymore and it came to pass and
to him anymore and it came to pass and the six hundred first year in the first
the six hundred first year in the first
the six hundred first year in the first month the first day of the month that
month the first day of the month that
month the first day of the month that the waters were dried up from the earth
the waters were dried up from the earth
the waters were dried up from the earth and Noah removed the covering of the arm
and Noah removed the covering of the arm
and Noah removed the covering of the arm and looked and indeed the surface of the
and looked and indeed the surface of the
and looked and indeed the surface of the ground was dry and in the second month
ground was dry and in the second month
ground was dry and in the second month on the 27th day
on the 27th day
on the 27th day the earth was dried when God spoke to
the earth was dried when God spoke to
the earth was dried when God spoke to Noah go out of the ark you and your wife
Noah go out of the ark you and your wife
Noah go out of the ark you and your wife and your sons and your sons wives with
and your sons and your sons wives with
and your sons and your sons wives with you bring out with you every living
you bring out with you every living
you bring out with you every living thing of all flesh that is with you
thing of all flesh that is with you
thing of all flesh that is with you birds and cattle and every creeping
birds and cattle and every creeping
birds and cattle and every creeping thing that creeps on the earth so that
thing that creeps on the earth so that
thing that creeps on the earth so that they may abound on the earth and be
they may abound on the earth and be
they may abound on the earth and be fruitful and multiply on the earth so
fruitful and multiply on the earth so
fruitful and multiply on the earth so Noah went out and his sons and his wife
Noah went out and his sons and his wife
Noah went out and his sons and his wife and his sons wives with him every animal
and his sons wives with him every animal
and his sons wives with him every animal every creeping thing every bird and
every creeping thing every bird and
every creeping thing every bird and whatever creeps on the earth according
whatever creeps on the earth according
whatever creeps on the earth according to their families without of the ark
to their families without of the ark
to their families without of the ark [Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then Noah built an altar to the Lord and
then Noah built an altar to the Lord and
then Noah built an altar to the Lord and took of every clean animal and of every
took of every clean animal and of every
took of every clean animal and of every clean bird and offered burnt offerings
clean bird and offered burnt offerings
clean bird and offered burnt offerings on the altar and the Lord smelled a
on the altar and the Lord smelled a
on the altar and the Lord smelled a soothing aroma and the Lord said in his
soothing aroma and the Lord said in his
soothing aroma and the Lord said in his heart I will never again curse the
heart I will never again curse the
heart I will never again curse the ground for man's sake
ground for man's sake
ground for man's sake although the imagination of man's heart
although the imagination of man's heart
although the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth nor will I again
is evil from his youth nor will I again
is evil from his youth nor will I again destroy every living thing as I have
destroy every living thing as I have
destroy every living thing as I have done while the earth remains seedtime
done while the earth remains seedtime
done while the earth remains seedtime and harvest cold and heat winter and
and harvest cold and heat winter and
and harvest cold and heat winter and summer and day and night shall not cease